[integration] add admin/developer docs about APIs (#5540)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/technologyPreviews.rst

==============

The aim is to replace the DISET services with HTTPS services. The changes should be almost transparent for users/admins. However, because it is still very much in the state of preview, we do not yet describe how/what to change. If you really want to play around, please check :ref:`httpsTornado`.

OAuth2 authorization
====================

> The main idea is to start using access tokens to communicate with DIRAC systems and third-party services, token-based authorizing in DIRAC using Identity Provider such as WLCG and EGI Checkin. As a result of this integration, a new component of the system :ref:`apis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea is to start using access tokens to communicate with DIRAC systems and third-party services. Tokens can be delivered to DIRAC using Identity Providers such as Indigo IaM (WLCG) and EGI CheckIn. As a result of this integration, a new component type, named :ref:`apis`was developed. 
```

> The main idea is to start using access tokens to communicate with DIRAC systems and third-party services. Tokens can be delivered to DIRAC using Identity Providers such as Indigo IaM (WLCG) and EGI CheckIn. As a result of this integration, a new component type, named :ref:`apis`was developed.

Reviewer: /home/docs/checkouts/readthedocs.org/user_builds/dirac/checkouts/5540/docs/source/AdministratorGuide/technologyPreviews.rst:38: WARNING: Inline interpreted text or phrase reference start-string without end-string.

Author: fixed
